clean up E0185 explanation (#68070)
rust-lang/rust: src/librustc_error_codes/error_codes/E0185.md

    fn foo(&self) {}
}
```

When a type implements a trait's associated function, it has to use the same

> signature. So in this case, since `Foo::foo` doesn't take argument and doesn't

Reviewer: ```suggestion
signature. So in this case, since `Foo::foo` doesn't take any arguments or 
```

> return anything, its implementation on `Bar` should the same:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
return anything, its implementation on `Bar` should be the same:
```
